2 needles in 1 needle are less injured, 3 needles are white, and 4 needles are Dalin.
Hot red on fire 5 needles Shengmai 6 needles Rich
7-Needle armored car 8-needle pulp
9 stitches of labor 10 stitches of new
Hot red on fire 11 needles Quchi 12 needles Jade door head
13 needle snake body center
little sister
Little sister, it's great that you're awake
Sister, I thought I hadn't had time to say goodbye
Just like you will never be seen again
What happened to Zhao Feng?
What's wrong with the little sister?
Little sister has inflammation in her lungs
Plus pulmonary failure leads to pulmonary hemorrhage
He also had heart disease.
Simultaneous cardiopulmonary failure causes asphyxia
I just forcibly ruled him out with acupuncture
The blood saved him
But cardiorespiratory function is only temporary
If his cardiopulmonary function is to return to normal
I have to take the medicine for a while
And there are also many acupuncture drinks